Kokkos/bindings (#20)
PennyLaneAI/Lightning-Unification: README.md

We also encourage bug reports, suggestions for new features and enhancements, and even links to cool projects
or applications built on PennyLane.

### Black & Pylint

If you contribute to the Python code, please mind the following.
The Python code is formatted with the PEP 8 compliant opinionated formatter [Black](https://github.com/psf/black) (`black==23.7.0`).
We set a **line width of a 100 characters**.
The Python code is statically analyzed with [Pylint](https://pylint.pycqa.org/en/latest).

> We set up a pre-commit hook (see [how-to](https://moserei.de/2020/10/28/pylint-pre-commit-hook.html)) to run both of these on `git commit`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We set up a pre-commit hook (see [Git hooks](https://git-scm.com/docs/githooks)) to run both of these on `git commit`.
```

I'd prefer we use Git official docs for referencing this, if needed.

Reviewer: Also, Pylint should be RTD Pylint https://pylint.readthedocs.io/en/stable/
